Add TC39 Stage 0 section (#49)
mozilla/explainers: README.md

## Feedback on Explainers
We strongly prefer external feedback only on explainers that are in their own repo (see [Explainer file progress](#explainer-file-progress)).

> If you see something in a Mozilla Explainer that you want to suggest changing or fixing, please file an issue describing the problem and suggested resolution, not a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see something in a Mozilla Explainer that you want to suggest changing or fixing, please file an issue describing the problem and suggested resolution, not a pull request.  
```

0. a short name for the feature, which will be used for the directory/repository for your explainer; use all lowercase short names with hyphens for separators
1. user problem(s) to be solved (with a new standard), at least a one sentence description. Only the problem description, no proposed solution.

### TC39 Stage 0 Proposals
If your explainer is for a [TC39 Stage 0 proposal](https://tc39.es/process-document/), do the following:
* minimally write up sections 1-3, optionally include sections 4 and 5 as well. Remember that Stage 0 is
  about exploring the problem space, not identifying a particular solution.
* because a proposal repo is required to present to TC39, it makes sense to have the explainer in a separate
  repo from the start, and add a link to it from the `Current Explainers` section above.
* external feedback is not necessary (it's a normal part of asking for Stage 1 at TC39), but do get
  internal reviews and feedback.
* once the proposal reaches Stage 1, any explainer for it in this repo should be archived as described below.
  Further development will continue under the TC39 process.

### New counter-proposal

> If your explainer is a counter-proposal to an existing public explainer or group proposal,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your explainer is a counter-proposal to an existing public explainer or group proposal, 
```

> your minimum explainer should include enough additional sections to provide a useful contribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your minimum explainer should include enough additional sections to provide a useful contribution 
```

to the existing conversation around the problem(s) being solved, and approaches already being explored.
For example, if someone else has proposed an API to solve the problem(s) your explainer describes, 

> your minimum explainer should include at least sections 1-5 (see [below](#explainer-sections)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your minimum explainer should include at least sections 1-5 (see [below](#explainer-sections)), 
```

> For example, if someone else has proposed an API to solve the problem(s) your explainer describes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if someone else has proposed an API to solve the problem(s) your explainer describes, 
```

0. a short name for the feature, which will be used for the directory/repository for your explainer; use all lowercase short names with hyphens for separators
1. user problem(s) to be solved (with a new standard), at least a one sentence description. Only the problem description, no proposed solution.

### TC39 Stage 0 Proposals
If your explainer is for a [TC39 Stage 0 proposal](https://tc39.es/process-document/), do the following:

> * minimally write up sections 1-3, optionally include sections 4 and 5 as well. Remember that Stage 0 is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* write up sections 1-3, optionally add sections 4-5. Do not add section 6+. Stage 0 is
```

>   about exploring the problem space, not identifying a particular solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for exploring the problem space, not identifying solutions.
```

Author: Stage 0 does include "Describe the shape of some possible solutions", Stage 1 has "Make the case for a particular solution or solution space", so I think it's best to keep the existing text, or something like it.

* because a proposal repo is required to present to TC39, it makes sense to have the explainer in a separate

>   repo from the start, and add a link to it from the `Current Explainers` section above.

Reviewer: It makes sense to have a "intended for Stage 0" explainer *eventually* be in its own repo, i.e. before the TC39 meeting in which the explainer is discussed, but it should not be necessary to land the explainer here.

Better to land it as any another explainer (with one fewer steps), enabling simpler additional internal reviews, and only moving it to its own repo as a separate step (perhaps once it has been added to a meeting agenda OR we want to solicit external feedback before a TC39 meeting).

I would drop this entire bullet point from this section. The "add a link to it" is already covered elsewhere as well.

Reviewer 2: In the current TC39 practice, almost anything getting considered in committee starts out by getting Stage 1 approval, even if it's originally pitched as a [Stage 0 discussion](https://github.com/tc39/notes/blob/main/meetings/2024-10/october-10.md#measure-object-stage-0). This means that the "eventually" comes really quickly, as a [requirement](https://github.com/tc39/agendas/blob/77f159b20043fd0e03b9b11f27db7a8a6148b9b3/template.md?plain=1#L49-L50) of getting added on the TC39 agenda:
> 3. Proposals looking to advance to stage 1 must be added (and noted as such) prior to the deadline, or else delegates may object to advancement solely on the basis of missing the deadline.
>     1. Such proposals *must* link to a proposal repository and they *should* link to supporting materials when possible.

So while it's certainly doable to add an explainer in this repo for each TC39 proposal, practically speaking the very next thing that would need to get done after it lands here is creating a repo with that explainer as its readme to advance conversation outside Mozilla.

If that's the preferred process, should the copy of the explainer in this repo be removed immediately when creating the proposal repo?

Reviewer: > should the copy of the explainer in this repo be removed immediately when creating the proposal repo?
The existing section https://github.com/mozilla/explainers?tab=readme-ov-file#iterating-and-soliciting-feedback already answers that.

* external feedback is not necessary (it's a normal part of asking for Stage 1 at TC39), but do get

>   internal reviews and feedback.

Reviewer: This (get internal reviews and feedback) is not special for Stage 0 explainers (i.e. already covered by explainers progress in general) so I think this entire bullet point can also be omitted.

Author: I think we should make it clear that the external feedback will happen at TC39, not through the explainers process, but we can drop the part about internal reviews if you think it's best.

Reviewer: > make it clear that the external feedback will happen at TC39

There's a subtlety to that, as in, our intent behind any explainer intended for TC39 is to get external feedback at TC39, however, that's different than claiming that it "will happen" or implying that that's the only way it will happen, neither of which is necessary to claim.

Author: My intention with this bullet point is to make it explicit that it's not necessary to get external feedback through the explainers process because there's already an established way of getting external feedback through the TC39 process. I'm not trying to preclude getting feedback during the explainers process, or make any claims about when feedback will happen.

The current parts of the explainer process that talk about external feedback say that sections 1 - 6 (or 7) are required prior to asking for feedback, but we've decided that only sections 1 - 3 are required for TC39 Stage 0 explainers. Without some text like this, I think there's a chance people will be confused about what the actual requirements are for TC39 proposals.

* once the proposal reaches Stage 1, any explainer for it in this repo should be archived as described below.

>   Further development will continue under the TC39 process.

Reviewer: Better to add this additional condition instead the existing section on Archiving an explainer, rather than in a section on Stage 0. Let's at least remove this bullet point from this section.

especially existing proposal flaws, and why/how we can do better.

### Requesting feedback

> If you want to request external feedback on your new explainer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to request external feedback on your new explainer, 
```

 * or a standards working group, e.g. CSS WG (which incubates internally) or a WHATWG work stream if applicable

## Iterating and soliciting feedback

> This repo is for developing explainer files until ready for external feedback,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is for developing explainer files until ready for external feedback, 
```

publishing your minimum explainer, using pull requests.

When ready to solicit external feedback on an explainer:

> * create a new repo for the explainer (same short-name if possible),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* create a new repo for the explainer (same short-name if possible), 
```

* the explainer has been incorporated into an incubation or standardization destination 

## Explainer repo progress

> Iterate on an explainer repo, improving the explainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterate on an explainer repo, improving the explainer 
```

## Explainer repo progress
Iterate on an explainer repo, improving the explainer 

> until there is broader interest to migrate it to an incubation or standardization group,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until there is broader interest to migrate it to an incubation or standardization group, 
```

* prototyping the explainer solution to test its efficacy
* working with others to broaden interest

> When there is consensus on an incubation or standardization destination for the explainer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is consensus on an incubation or standardization destination for the explainer, 
```

* working with others to broaden interest

When there is consensus on an incubation or standardization destination for the explainer, 

> follow the destination’s process for migration or incorporation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow the destination’s process for migration or incorporation, 
```
